Wherever you go,
you will have fam’ly near.
Because wherever you go,
Jehovah’s people are there.
And you’ll feel love.
You’ll feel love,
A brotherly love.
So feel the love.
Brothers and sisters all over the world
Unite with Jehovah and follow his Son
To bring you love—
A nation of,
Of brotherly love.
So feel the love.
Our Father provides for us all—
No one left over.
Deep in the jungle
or on mountains high,
In big, modern cities
or on islands afar,
You belong.
You belong to the people of God.
So feel the love.
Our Father provides for us all—
No, no one left over.
But in the world, it can be cold—
A scary place, truth to be told.
So how wonderful it is to know
The one true God and his people!
Jesus, he taught
his disciples to love.
So millions of people,
as a nation, they show
Jehovah’s love—
And you belong among all of them.
So feel the love.